Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Barbie's going camping out west and she's not alone.
She's taking all her friends in her motor form.
Barbie, Golden Dream, load her home.
In all houses, guys.
The table is golden, I'll barbecue.
We'll have a fancy party and a sleepover too.
Cool car.
And we're gonna do much to do.
Fun goes on and on.
Barbie, Golden Dream, load her home.
Golden Dream, load her home with bedroom, kitchen and dining area.
You put it together, dolls and fashion sold separately.
Now, you can play the games of the Super NES Super Skate.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself, you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
Right here!
Hi, Andrews! The Nerdquake! Meow!
Newton Moe, what are you doing?
I'm looking for breakfast, but it is so dark!
You're in luck! My tasty Kellogg's Fruit Loops are in brighter colors!
What, Brite?
Just follow my nose to the bright color of Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Now I'll see the sign of Orange Lemon Cherry and Lime.
Fruit Loops, the bright part of this nutritious breakfast.
Oh, they are bright!
Dig in!
Oh, quicken up the light!
A few more will turn you on.
Follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste.
Do you believe in magic?
And I hope you do.
Know that we're friends.
We're a direction.
To start the holidays sooner, you could practice rapping stuff.
What's next?
Or you can hit McDonald's for some way cool miniature Mattel toys.
Like Lil Miss Candy Stripes or the Key Force Cart.
Tend to collect one with each totally toy happy meal you buy.
Has anyone seen the cat?
Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday Morning.
There's nothing wrong with your TV.
I'm in black and white for a reason.
I'm demonstrating how you can take something old,
like a black and white movie,
and suddenly make it seem new again.
All through the modern miracle of colorization.
Here I am.
Of course this colorization technique isn't always totally accurate.
There, that's better.
At least it's one way to make something old look like something new.
And that's exactly what I have to do for Mr. Bowdenback's history class.
Take something old, tired, and worn out, and reinvent it.
Well, you can't get more worn out than these sneakers.
But with a little help from Dad's trusty magic markers?
Good as new, only better.
And what about these jeans?
You've seen them once, you've seen them a thousand times,
but by just roughing them up.
Now new jeans look like old jeans,
which makes them even newer jeans.
It's a whole new concept.
I guess it's just a matter of looking at an old thing in a new light.
Sis, can I borrow five bucks?
I had asked...
I wanted to do you the favor of helping you establish credit
with the future financial giant.
Let me take a nanosecond to think about it.
No!
Maybe some things aren't worth changing.
In that case, it's best just to get rid of them.
So, off with the old, and on with the new.
Flippered postage stamps?
Pairs of socks that attract each other with hidden magnets.
Could be, I'll write that one down.
Here's one.
Jelly beans that don't roll off your desk because they're flat like pancakes.
How about pancakes that don't stick to the ceiling because they're shaped like jelly beans?
Damn, why would pancakes be stuck to the ceiling in the first place?
I don't know, I just thought it'd be fun.
Well, maybe we should try to improve something that actually has something to do with the real world.
You know, something that could actually make our lives better.
Mr. Bowdenback just wants us to take something old and make it new.
How can that improve our lives?
Well, if it's something old and really annoying,
we can make it new by getting rid of the annoying part.
Hey, I know.
Isn't it really annoying the way you can never get a roll of toilet paper started
without ripping the first few sheets to shreds?
New and improved toilet paper?
Not great, but better.
I've got an idea.
What's the most annoying, obnoxious, irritating thing about school assemblies?
Mrs. Pringle twickers' beautiful thoughts of the day. That's pretty annoying.
True, but I'm talking about the school anthem.
Thomas Tupper High, Thomas Tupper High
Howl at halls of Thomas Tupper High
On our necks, O'Glan's forever a Thomas Tupper High
Yuck!
If that ancient excuse for a song doesn't need improving, I don't know what does.
Hey, we can give it rhythm. We can give it soul.
We can give it that hip-hop happening sound.
Maybe even a few lyrics besides Thomas Tupper High.
Who says you can't teach an old song new tricks?
So let's improve the anthem.
Great, we can work it out now.
Okay.
But first, I've got to run to the one-hour photo place.
What for?
My dad dropped off some pictures of him and that guy from the Highlight Halftime show.
Wow.
So I promised him I'd pick him up.
Okay.
Oh, no, the azuki beans.
The what?
I promised my mom I'd pick him up for dinner.
She's really gonna be steamed.
What's the big deal? It's just beans.
That's the problem. It's not just beans.
Yesterday, I forgot to program the VCR to tape that painting show.
A dab here, a dab there.
And two days ago, she was picking me up and I was a half an hour late.
I'd been forgetting her stuff all week.
Well, we've been kind of busy at school.
Yeah, but now mom won't be able to make her azuki bean burritos.
Azuki bean burritos?
Makes you appreciate frozen pizza.
Yeah.
And some old things you don't want to make new.
Like what?
Mom's leftovers.
I better get going.
See you later.
Hi, Karissa.
What are you doing? I've been looking all over for you.
Oh, um, oh, it's nothing. I've been here all the time.
Well, didn't you hear me call?
Well, I guess I just got absorbed in what I was doing.
Mom, I forgot the azuki beans.
What's that?
I know you asked me to pick them up and I know I've been forgetting stuff all week,
but I've been really busy at school.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I can go get them now.
Oh, never mind, dear. I know how busy you are.
But...
It's no big deal.
But I...
I can make do without...
Mom, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Okay, I'm going now.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Yell if you need anything.
Okay, dear.
Yell if you don't need anything.
Okay.
Yell if my real mom has been kidnapped by aliens and you're a pod person.
Ferguson, that's your fifth lemonade break in an hour.
Dad.
We deserve a break.
Refinishing furniture is hard work.
I think these fumes are starting to get to me.
I guess I'll have some too.
There you go.
Thanks.
You know, Ferguson, I really appreciate you pitching in to help.
Oh, sure.
No way I figure it.
However much we sell this worthless old furniture for is pure profit.
Ferguson, we are not selling this worthless old furniture.
I happen to love this worthless old furniture.
Dad, Dad, Dad.
Love and profit have nothing to do with one another.
I mean, we deserve something for our manual labor.
Well, how about the satisfaction of a job well done?
All right.
One old chair.
Just let me sell off one old chair.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
Hey.
Hi, Clarissa.
Would you like some lemonade?
Or perhaps I could interest you in a beautiful antique chair
expertly refinished by skilled artisans.
Notice the faux graining.
Thanks, but I think I'll stick with the lemonade.
All right.
Dad, don't let Ferguson tuck you into anything.
What?
Well, Ferguson would never talk me in anything, would you?
Never.
Here you go.
Expertly squeezed by a skilled sucker.
Thank you.
Hey, Dad, have you noticed anything different about Mom?
No.
Why?
What about you, Ferguson?
Hmm.
Did she cut her hair?
You know us guys don't notice those things.
Yeah.
So neither of you noticed anything different?
No.
No, no.
She seems fine.
Well, just wondering.
I mean, your mom's been real busy lately, but that's natural.
Uh, Clarissa, can you pass me that ride?
Sure, Dad.
Thanks.
OK, Ferguson, back to work.
But I haven't finished my lemonade.
Come on, Ferguson.
Oh, all right, Ferguson.
Mom, you dropped one of yours to the best mom in the world.
Every day is your day.
You are loved by all.
Weird.
What is this, a Mother's Day card?
Did we forget Mother's Day?
When is Mother's Day?
And who is she making this card for?
It must be for the kids at the children's museum to copy.
She couldn't be making it for herself.
Could she?
Now, where did I put that date book?
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
How come nobody told me it's Mother's Day?
Well, because it's not.
Are you sure?
Sure, I'm sure.
Pretty sure.
My mom always calls me from the road on Mother's Day.
Well, it's not this Sunday.
It's not next Sunday or the Sunday after that or that or that.
When is Mother's Day anyway?
Why are you so anxious for it to be Mother's Day?
If it's not Mother's Day, my mom's getting weird on me.
Look at what she was working on all afternoon.
To the best mom in the world.
Why would your mom be making a Mother's Day card?
Good question.
Maybe it's for her mom.
But it's not Mother's Day.
All right.
Well, is she the type of person who buys Christmas presents in July?
Maybe she's just planning ahead.
You know, Sam, I've got the funniest feeling she's making cards for herself.
What?
And I think I'm to blame.
How?
All that stuff I've been forgetting.
That doesn't sound so bad.
Is there anything else?
Besides forgetting stuff?
Well, let's see.
Should we get kind of quiet last night at dinner
when I mentioned taking the PSATs and then going to college?
That's it.
That's it?
E-N-S.
E-N-S?
Okay.
What is E-N-S?
Empty-N-S syndrome.
Empty-N-S syndrome?
You know, when the little itty-bitty baby birds grow up to learn how to flap their little wings,
we'll soon know take off in the room.
And the big old mommy bird has a big old empty nest.
No one to feed worms to.
So you think my mom's afraid that we're all going to be leaving the nest soon?
That's right.
She's feeling unwanted, unneeded.
She's wondering what to do with those worms.
But my mom's so independent.
I'm not even gone yet.
And there'll still be Ferguson.
Nobody can forget that.
I know he can't wait till I leave.
So should I go get my dad's book on E-N-S
or do you just want to work on our school anthem?
Let's just work on the anthem.
How about, uh,
oh, mom, what's wrong with her?
I'll just be getting those books.
Thanks, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
Mom, we love you.
We don't want to leave.
Who's leaving?
Not me.
That's for sure.
Clarissa, are you okay?
Yeah, great. Are you?
I'm fine.
Listen, I just want to let you know I won't be home for dinner.
You won't be home for dinner?
Well, you're not the only ones who lead independent lives of your own.
But I know you guys can pen for yourselves.
But we can't pen for ourselves as well as you can pen for ourselves.
You'll be fine.
What's the basket for?
Oh, it's just a little something I'm doing to make someone feel good.
You mean it makes you feel good?
Well, yes.
In a way, it does make me feel good.
Clarissa?
Yeah, Mom?
The castle on the bottom of the fridge will be delicious heated up.
Thanks, Mom.
Well, it looks like Mom's overcompensating for this ENS thing by flying the coop herself.
I better do something fast before she gets any more cuckoo.
Wake up and imagine with the gang you're a hero in a car that drives through the bank
playing a guitar and giving it a twang.
Muppets in the morning for you.
Jim Henson's Muppet Babies.
Now at a new time every weekday morning at 8, 7 central only on Nick.
Muppets in the morning for you.
Now when you turn on your TV, you can turn on your imagination.
With Video Painter, what you draw is what you see right on your TV.
And there are all kinds of pictures that appear at the push of a button.
There's even animation.
It doesn't turn off picture copies.
It turns your TV into a masterpiece.
Video Painter from VTEC.
Turn your TV into a work of art.
I want to look for the guys on foot that Saturday.
My old bike just didn't cut it anymore.
Nobody anywhere.
I kept hearing this sound.
The world was shut down.
Alright, I don't know where they went.
Where was everybody?
Dad pulled in, then I saw it.
Motorcycle.
They'll draw a crowd and leave it behind.
Hell, I'm in the mood for the munch.
Here we go.
Finding a video you like?
Now you can get new Nickelodeon videos.
Tates of Red and Simpy.
Rugrats.
Stuff whenever you want.
New Nickelodeon videos.
Pretty good, huh?
Remount pictures.
Presents.
Adams Family Values.
It's an American bald eagle.
But aren't they extinct?
Now.
Rated PG-13.
Now play.
Cobra Mega Monsters attacks with tentacles and gut bombs.
But the G.I. Joe Monster Blaster APC blasts back with its lock and load cannon.
Block, load, fire!
Cobra Mega Monsters.
G.I. Joe Monster Blaster APC.
Another figure sold separately.
Cave lab set, none available.
You're watching Clarissa Explains It All.
Okay, I think it's time for a Darling Family update.
Here's what's been happening.
Sam and I are still trying to come up with a school anthem you can groove to.
Ferguson and Dad's idea of fixing up old chairs
is turning into a brush with disaster.
Mom's tearing through the arts and crafts bin for the mother's day in her mind.
Hey, give the gift that keeps on giving the one you give yourself.
Do I mind that my mom flipped out?
Yes.
Diagnosis, a major bad case of ENS, empty nest syndrome.
So what's a poor daughter to do?
Count the days so I leave for good?
I've got a better idea.
I've hatched a plan.
I'm about to make my mom feel so needed in her nest.
The only thing she'll need will be a break.
I don't know what it is with my hair,
but do you think I could give me a hand?
Oh, well, sure.
I haven't brushed your hair for you since you were a little girl.
You were always so much better at it than I was.
Maybe you could braid it.
You want me to braid your hair?
You used to braid it for me.
Well, not since you were five years old.
Well, who says those days have to end?
I miss those days.
I miss those braids.
Well, I'm sure you know how to braid your hair yourself.
Oh, let me get that lemonade.
Ferguson, we haven't even started working yet.
Oh, yeah, I know, Dad, but I need to build up my energy.
I'm still worn out from yesterday.
Honestly, I did not know this project was going to take this long.
Yeah, well, maybe if we took fewer breaks, you know...
Dad, the more we energize, the more productive we'll be
once we finally get started.
Hey, Ferguson, maybe mom could help you, you know, be more productive.
Your mom's busy, Clarissa.
Yeah, and I'm playing productive when I want to be.
Oh, really? Well, that's because mom.
After all, she's the one who taught us how to flap our wings.
I mean, mom's always got a few good pointers.
Clarissa, what are you talking about?
Mom, Ferguson needs you to, um, teach him how to be productive.
I do not.
Oh, yes, you do.
Mom, we love your pep talks.
Pep talks?
Yeah, we depend on you to keep us going.
Right, Ferguson?
You have something in your eye?
No.
I mean, yeah, mom, I need you to help me get something out of my eye.
What's with her?
I don't know. Let's go, Ferguson.
Clarissa, I don't see anything.
Oh, well, you must have gotten it. It feels so much better.
Great, but I don't think I did anything.
Must have been an eyelash.
You just have that magic mom touch.
Say, mom, do you think this shirt goes with this
or should I change it to that green one?
Since when do you need help picking out your clothes?
A girl always needs her mom's clothes advice.
I may not always follow it, but let's just say I'm finally mature enough
to admit how much I need it.
Clarissa, if anything, I could go to you for clothes advice.
You've already left me way behind.
No, I haven't.
What do you mean?
You are the best cook around here.
I don't know what I'd do if it wasn't for your neck for food.
Do you think maybe you could pack my lunch for me tomorrow?
I stopped packing your lunches for you years ago.
How about once for old times' sake?
Well, Clarissa, I think it's better if you do it for yourself.
That way you get the things you like.
Mom, let's get something straight.
Uh-huh.
I need a glass of milk.
Yeah, a glass of milk.
So much for plan A.
I guess she's just so busy showering herself with attention
that she's not getting from anywhere else
that she doesn't need any attention from me.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. How's this?
Tommy Stubber High.
Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy.
Definitely Hipper, but can't it stand the test of time?
Well, honestly, it could be the start of a whole new song cycle.
Tommy Stubber, the high school wizard.
He could even go on Broadway.
Could be a sensation.
Well, I got an idea.
Let's go downstairs and ask my mom.
Your mom?
Well...
She's still singing E&S blues?
Look, Sam, every day is now Mother's Day in the House of Darling.
I tried to make her feel needed, but I think all I do is confuse her.
I think you should just talk to her.
I tried. She's so distracted.
Well, when I just tell her to save E&S for when the nest is really empty.
You're right. She's got premature E&S.
She'll snap out of it.
Look, I've got to clean up my nest.
I mean my room. Bye, Clarissa.
Bye, Sam.
I guess the nest will really be empty soon enough.
I'll be going to college.
I'll be living away from home hundreds, maybe thousands of miles away.
Never to come home to roost again.
The rain.
I'll always remember the rain.
Standing there, afraid to go, afraid to stay.
It seemed to wash away all thoughts, all time, all my life.
And finally, I could see the world clearly.
Finally, when it would do me no good.
Clarissa, I made you this pound cake.
Mother.
You didn't need to do that.
I know.
You don't need me to do anything for you anymore.
You can do it all for yourself.
Now that's just foolishness.
Visit?
It was only yesterday you were so tiny.
My little girl.
And now.
And now you're all grown up.
You must be strong.
Let me dry your tears.
Be your little girl.
This will always be home.
And I will always have time for you.
Mother, I have to go.
I can't say goodbye.
And say au revoir.
Keep in touch, will you?
You grow up.
You start doing everything for yourself.
You leave home to make it on your own.
Hey, is that any way to treat a mom?
Why didn't I think of this before?
If my mom has a premature case of empty nest syndrome,
I must have a premature case of LNS.
Leaving nest syndrome.
Is this a contagious disease or what?
I better spend some quality time with my mom
before our time together is over.
And my premature LNS gets even worse.
Hi, Clarissa.
You sure are spending a lot of time up here.
Oh, it's just something I'm working on.
I know, Mom.
I understand.
Mom, I was just wondering if maybe we could spend
some more, you know, quality time together.
Quality time?
Yeah, you know.
Girl to girl, woman to woman, mother to daughter,
that kind of thing.
Oh, well, um, sure.
What should we do?
Maybe we should just talk.
Great idea.
So what do you want to talk about?
I don't know.
What about Mobius strips?
Mobius strips? What about them?
You know what's so cool about them?
That there's no inside or outside,
that there's only one side?
Yeah.
Do you know that reminds me of my very first boyfriend?
Timmy Hackensash.
My sixth grade sweetheart.
He really was into origami.
So I folded up this note to him.
Only by mistake I wrote the note on the back of my homework.
Do you like it?
I don't remember.
But it's the first time I got a bad mark for neatness.
Can you believe it?
I just remembered.
I had a dream last night about math.
I was a fraction on the run from an eraser.
Wow, how astride.
You have the most amazing imagination.
Actually, we were all fractions.
You, me, Dad, Bergson.
I wonder what it means.
Well, dreams are so strange that...
I've got it.
What?
Well, in my dream we were all different fractions.
But together we added up to a whole.
A unit.
A family.
What a nice thought.
Sometimes isn't everything just great.
Yeah. It's nice to see you feeling so...
Great?
Yeah, it's great.
Now I really better get going.
Going? Where are you going?
Oh, I just have to drop something off.
But we just sat down together.
Clarissa, I'll be back.
But you've been so busy and I just wanted to spend some time with you.
Well, usually you're the one who's so busy.
I know. And I'm sorry.
And I won't forget any more of your stuff.
And it's not that you don't matter anymore.
What? Really? It's fine. I'm pretty busy myself.
Now I really better get going.
Well, where are you going? I'll go with you.
Clarissa, we can spend some time together later.
Later. Later. Soon it'll be too late.
Dear, what's gotten into you?
Don't get so worked up.
Look, if you'd really like, you can help me deliver this basket to Mrs. Flinchrod.
Mrs. Flinchrod? Who's Mrs. Flinchrod?
You know her. She's that very sweet old lady who volunteered for the children's museum.
And she's been ill some time now and lately she took a turn for the worse
so she needed some extra cheering up.
And the kids and I have been making her gifts and bringing her little surprises.
Oh.
She's been such a great mom to all of us and we want her to know she's appreciated.
So all the cards and flowers were for...
Mrs. Flinchrod.
In other words, all this stuff you've been preoccupied with
is kind of like a everyday's mother's day for Mrs. Flinchrod sort of thing?
She's a great lady. It's a shame she's not feeling well.
You can come along.
Sure.
And all this time I thought you were suffering from ENF.
What?
You know, empty nest syndrome because someday I'm going to leave home and you're going to miss me.
I will miss you and you will leave home someday.
And who knows, go to college, travel around the world in a balloon, maybe get married.
But you're not going to do it tomorrow, are you?
Me? Boy, I hope not.
Well, I better get going.
To Mrs. Flinchrod's edit.
Wait, I'm coming. This ENS thing is just something we're going to have to get through together.
Janet?
Oh, is that the old rocker from my college store?
Yeah, doesn't it look great?
It really does.
Yeah, first it looked old, now it looks antique.
I think this quaint old thing could fetch her pretty penny.
Nice idea, Ferguson, but you're not selling it.
Oh, Mom, you didn't even know you had it.
But now I do. This is great.
This chair took 28 lemonade breaks.
Well, it will be just perfect for my old age when the kids leave home.
What's your hurry?
So, how'd your school anthem go?
It was a big hit.
It's a Thomas. Thomas, tell me what's the deal?
We've got you on our minds from the lockers to the fields.
Since you gotta go to school, Thomas Tupper is no place for when we graduate, we'll be out of your face.
Oh, that's great.
You know, you two songwriters might really be going places.
Don't rush us, Mom. Right now, I'm staying right here.
Once you spend Friday nights with you, so every Friday this month,
Nick will feature one hour starring Jim Henson's original Muppets for you and the rest of the gang.
It's Nickelodeon's Friday Night Muppets.
This Friday, The Frog Prince.
The reason it's such a fine, fantastic story is that it's all about frogs.
And the confused princess.
I'm hitting seer, quinking silently, and booking laps this pretty flower.
Watch The Frog Prince on Nickelodeon's Friday Night Muppets this Friday at 8-7 Central on Nick.
Booby Trap.
It's not for the faint of heart.
Not for nervous, high-strung types.
But if you have a cool head, a steady hand, nerves of steel,
Booby Trap still might catch you.
Booby Trap is waiting for you.
From Golden.
At last, my creation is finished.
And now, Huffy and I will shock the world!
Ready? Ready, y'all? Then, let the shock treatment begin!
They laughed at my reactive shock suppressor.
They scuffed at my fans offender.
What do they know about shock? I like it so much.
Technology.
Now, Huffy and I will shock them all.
Yes! Yes!
Huffy is shocked. Come on.
Right again.
Wow!
Skating ostriches?
Yeah, we're looking for breakfast, and we're dogs.
Oh my! I can bring you to a most fruity post office. Just follow my nose.
It's such a cute nose.
Piccolox Fruit Loops.
Orange Lemon Cherry and Lime.
With brighter colors, you'll flip over.
Fruit Loops. The bright part of this nutritious breakfast.
Fabulous colors.
Speaking of fab, don't you think family would look totally hot on these skates?
Well, I am noon for my new house.
Follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste.
Speak stylishly now, what are the best values in America?
Just for a limited time, buy the Super NES Super Set
and get five complete Mario games standard.
Mario!
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
Oh!
In performance, handling, and mode seven control,
you'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 in postage, Super Mario All Stars free
with four Mario games in one.
Mario!
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to fear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
It's time for your father and the head of this household.
Now, the family is about to experience something very important
that's going to affect all of our lives.
So naturally, it's my place to say,
your mother has something to tell you.
Well kids, we're going to have an addition to the family.
Oh no, no, no, no.
We're expecting a blessed event.
A priest is coming to live with us?
I'm pregnant!
Dreadig words and all of kingdom.
The one sentence that brings kids to the horrifying
realization, our parents have sex.
No, not that.
That's frightening enough.
But they're real baby brothers.
They're baby babies.
Yes, and it'll be wonderful.
Don't believe it, kids.
She told me that crap twice before.
Hey, don't prejudice them against the baby.
Let them find out for themselves.
I can just imagine.
Thanks, y'all.
That's our stage announcer.
And of course, as always, eagerly waiting
to turn over the letters,
we have the semi-lovely,
really, really white.
And today are Doug and Judy and Ethan.
And when we left off last time,
they were just about to find out how torturous
having a new baby is going to be for them.
Doug, are you ready to spin the wheel
and hear the squeal?
You're mad, Pat.
You just spit up on your eight-year collection
of baseball cards.
And squeal.
Now, if you give me a letter in the puzzle,
you'll get that special piece of torture
added to your life.
Remember, it's a prediction.
It's all in one.
How about a bee, Pat?
Ooh, there are two bees.
Okay.
Lost your place as the youngest in the family.
Judy, spin that wheel and hear the squeal.
Looks like you're going to have to stay home
with the baby instead of having a life.
Really good squeal.
Now, give me a letter.
I'd like to move a vowel.
Okay.
I'd like to move an eye.
Wow, there are three vowel movements.
Would you like to spin or solve the puzzle?
Okay.
Some of these game shows are so ridiculous.
I don't know why they have a cancel bowling for underwear.
I'm going to think of it, though.
This new baby could change my life, too.
There'll be three kids to feed.
I'd even have to get a job.
A job?
What am I saying?
Get over it.
Come on.
You've got to find some other way to manage.
Paranoid about this baby thing.
Maybe it'll be great.
Yeah, maybe it won't change our lives after all.
Doug, honey, I forgot to tell you.
I'm turning your room into a nursery
you're going to have to share Judy's room.
On September 3rd, 19-something,
Doug Iniquid was asked to leave his room
and never returned.
That request came from his mother.
With no place else to turn,
he went to the room of his sister, Judy Iniquid.
Can two siblings share a room
without driving each other crazy?
This is the story of the mad couple.
I'm not going to sleep in here
with your stupid stuffed animals
and your silly fruit fruit curtains.
I'm sleeping on the bottom bunk
and getting your stupid happy poster
off my door.
It's covering Marky Mark.
Yeah, well, Marky Mark would need covering
a grown man running around in his underwear.
Speaking of underwear,
keep your filthy paws off my training bras.
Yeah?
What do you need a training bra for?
What are you trying to train him to do?
How hard could it be to just lie there
and look flat?
Out, babe.
Out.
I got nowhere to go.
Then you stay on your half of the room.
And you stay on yours.
Okay.
There's only one little problem.
The door's on your side of the room.
Yeah, well, the bathroom's on your side.
Fine, you can never pittle
and I can never go to school.
Hey, wait a minute.
Why are we fighting each other?
The baby's the real enemy.
How can we fight the baby?
It's not even born yet.
Expecting a new baby in the family?
Why?
Wouldn't you like to be able to talk
to the little guy?
Well, now you can.
With the umbilical cordless phone.
We can talk to the baby with this?
Sure.
You can even talk to the tiny zygote
with our new multi-cellular phone.
That's the umbilical cordless phone.
Whether it's around the world
or just on the other side of the womb,
you can make the call.
And it's so quiet,
you can even hear a safety pin drop.
Thanks, announcer.
Hello, baby.
This is your big brother.
No.
I mean, uh, this is some guy
who's trying to help you.
When you're born, get out of the house.
Yeah, go somewhere else to live.
Yeah.
There will be a bag of Twinkies
by the door
with the smallest clothes we can find.
Oh, and a map to the star's homes.
Yeah, maybe you can go
with a payback.
Yeah.
And don't pay any attention
to those two bigger kids
in the house, okay?
No.
Oh, my gosh.
To start the holidays sooner,
you could practice rapping stuff.
What's next?
Or you can hit McDonald's
for some way-cool miniature Mattel toys
like Lil Miss Candy Stripes
or the Key Force car.
Tend to collect one with each
totally toy happy meal you buy.
Has anyone seen a cat?
It is.
Do you want to make more money
than call this free number
to find out how easy it is
to train at home for a better career?
At ICS, you can prepare
for an exciting career at home
in your spare time.
Choose from any one of these courses.
School, TV, VCR repair,
computer programming,
electrician, animal care specialist,
business management,
or accounting.
Call 1-800-424-0700
right now
for the free information
Sally Struthers spoke about.
There's absolutely no obligation.
Call 1-800-424-0700
right now for free information.
Call now.
Oh, my God.
This is so beautiful.
You're having my baby.
What a lovely way of saying
I still got it.
Well, you know,
I wish I had a video camera
for this thing.
What am I talking about?
I got five of them right here.
Here.
Hand it over.
Come on, give it to me.
Go have another donut or something.
I'm ready.
Go ahead.
Have the baby.
Come on.
Go ahead.
Give us a smile.
Look, I know this is uncomfortable,
but we want this tape
to turn out good, don't we?
Come on.
I don't want the guys
to think my life is a spoil sport.
Smile for the camera.
I'm going to have this baby
and then...
Okay.
I mean, they're...
Ow.
I mean, our baby brother?
Yeah.
Do you think it knows
it's ruining our lives?
anything at all?
There she was
in the next bassinet.
I looked at her.
She looked at me.
I fell for her instantly.
Something about those
stubby little toes,
the cute way she
drooled on her blankie.
She was the woman for me.
Finally.
A love story
for those too young to love.
We cooed in McGurgle.
I said,
she said,
she had a way with non-words.
Then it happened.
The nurse came in
to change her dieting.
She was a guy.
Dang.
Somebody wants to
tape that photo of his head
by mistake.
I was making passes
at a guy.
There's a new baby at home.
Everyone's making
a big fuss of it
and you feel like
diaper pill hooding.
Now you get
the attention you need
from Dial-A-Praise.
A 1,900 number
will put you in touch
with the most
patronizing,
overtly pandering,
suck-up in America.
Arsenio!
We have people who have
no clue.
We got a great show
for you tonight, though.
We got Doug
Indicated in the house.
Yo!
Isn't that something incredible?
Then we got Judy
Indicated in the house.
Let's give it up for
Mommy, huh?
Baby just ralphed all
over your new dress.
Well, now you can
relax and enjoy
those upchuckes,
whizzes,
and stinkies
with the new
mom camouflage
clothing line
from Cock-A-Chanel.
Cock-A-Chanel
wears with confidence
and the prize
that comes from knowing
that your little one
helped decorate it.
Cock-A-Chanel
sold only at
Sacks
Filth Avenue.
For the baby.
You want your new baby
to have the best of everything.
Good grief.
So you buy him
all those colorful toys
that cost 50 bucks
and are supposed to be
educational.
But he turns his nose up
at him.
Well, Pricey Fish
knows what
babies like,
and we give it to him.
They're gonna pick him
up anyway,
so why not have
a well-known name
like Pricey Fish
on that disgusting thing
like this.
And when you determine
to pay through the nose
for what your baby
shoves up his.
This is John Tush
and she's a give-it.
And this is
entertainment.
Yeah, right.
Some snow-nosed friends
have decided
to be known
only by this symbol,
which combines a symbol
of man and woman.
I guess he's
just as confused
as we are.
Other celebrities
have followed suit.
With the success
of Jurassic Park,
Steven Spielberg
has decided
to be known
as this symbol,
which combines
the dollar sign
and Arnold will now
be known by this symbol.
And Sylvester Stallone
will now only answer to this,
the atomic symbol for
iridium,
the densest of all elements.
And Madonna's old enough
to know better.
And little baby
and he kid is
two months old today.
I know
another terrifying
episode of
Tales from the Crib.
It was a peaceful day.
I was taking a nap
in my crib as usual
when all of a sudden
I was abducted
by strange space aliens
many times my size.
They spoke a language
I didn't understand.
There was one who seemed
to be the leader,
although I couldn't
understand why.
He seemed to be
the dumbest one of all.
Before I could
squirt on him to
ward him off,
he threw me high
into the air.
He came down to earth.
He caught me
at the last moment.
But I was
traumatized for life.
Hey,
what are you doing?
I thought if I
asked like a baby,
mom would pay
attention to me.
Oh, yeah?
Well, what about that
one little baby thing you do?
Hey, come on.
Don't tell him about that.
Bedwetting is a painful
part of growing up,
but it doesn't have
to be an embarrassing
experience.
Now it can be something
you actually look
forward to,
because from the makers
of Sea Monkeys
comes new,
species and let nature
take its course.
In the morning,
you'll be swimming
in new little friends.
Whoa!
Are they hard
to take care of?
Sea Monkeys
lip off the crumbs
of cookies and
a pillow every night.
Hey,
P Monkeys!
Great!
We ought to get some of
those for Grandpa!
Come on!
With P Monkeys,
you're in for fun.
Next time,
you're sleeping
on the bottom spot.
How big
is Nickelodeon?
P.U.
Every day,
watch.
What's cool?
Seabots.
Robots that fit
in your fist.
Seabots.
Tough,
armed,
outrageous.
Goodbots.
Evilbots.
All ready for battle.
Totally cool!
If you think these bots are tough,
here's the mother of them all.
Megabots.
The ultimate
battling seabots
with secret battle stations
firing rocket launchers
and a mega cool place
with seabot battle vehicles.
Mega tough,
mega cool,
mega bots.
Yeah!
Seabots figure packs
vehicles at new megabots
each sold separately
from micro machines.
Some play games
that go
and some play games
well, now there's
Nintendo's new
pinball video game
called Kirby's Pinball Land
and Kirby's
all over the place.
All you do is keep Kirby
pinball
as long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new
Kirby's Pinball Land
for Game Boy
and we'll bet
you won't go
playing hard.
Once more, Tony.
That's it.
Doing your best
takes practice and smart eating.
Like this complete breakfast
including the sweet crunch
of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes.
Come on,
see if you're any good.
Good, there you go.
The both know white.
They're so pretty.
Taking care of her friends
with seven dwarfs.
Beach has a magic surprise.
Sneezy has a nose so red.
Looks like
Plebe's ready for bed.
Grumpy's eyebrows go away.
Dark candle jewels
for you too.
Saying lots of dirt
on Happy's face.
Bashful blushes
all over that place.
Don't be once a kiss from you.
Wow!
With all the magic you can do.
All dwarfs change color
with warmer icy water.
Snow white doll and dwarfs
sold separately or in sets.
We now return to
Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
It's number 246.
Hurry and grow up
so we can ignore you.
Oh, don't be such a baby.
Look at the baby.
Conflicting message
number 647.
Proper table manners.
Hey, come on.
Don't chew with your mouth open.
That's disgusting.
Oh, look at the baby.
He put prunes.
He wounds.
He's up his nose.
He wounds me.
Isn't he cute?
And finally,
Conflicting message number 931.
The medical emergency.
Mom!
The lawnmower exploded
and blew up my leg
and sent a tree lift
through Judy's head.
Of course, Mom.
Come in the way
you're supposed to
and wipe your foot.
And get in green
and setting it.
Can't you see I'm gloating
over your little brother here?
I'll take on it
and see if it grows back.
And you, after dinner,
I'll try and whittle that thing
down with the poultry shears.
Now, both of you,
go get washed up.
It's time to eat.
Baby sneeze.
Quick.
Get the ambulance
to the fire department.
Call a pope
and tell them to meet
at the hospital.
Well, I'm glad to see
that the two of you
have finally stopped bleeding
and are well enough
to sit with the baby.
Now, I will be
at the apron tying seminar
if you need anything.
All right?
If the baby cries,
he'll need to be changed.
And please,
make sure the grandpa's all right.
Oh, Mom.
Not grandpa, too.
Now, you listen here.
You give your grandfather
the respect he deserves.
Even if he is mildly insane
and did set fire
to our tool shed
a couple of times,
well, he still has needs.
Adult dive it.
And I love him, too.
I could be enjoying
a trouser jacuzzi
at this very minute
for all you know.
Ah.
That's the baby crying.
He must have a dirty diaper.
I know how to keep fields.
I'm wetter than a sub
in WW2.
Great.
We're adding diapers
for the baby and grandpa.
Then you need grampers.
The diaper designed
for both babies
and senior citizens.
No more wasteful buying
of separate diapers.
Grampers works for both.
What a sublimely porous
and absorbent sensation.
I'm trying it in the Sahara.
And boy,
it'll ruin me in the back.
That's grampers
from the fine folks
at Schlachter and Schamble
who also invite you to try
lampers.
The diapers that light up
when they've got a full load.
This baby thing
has gotten out of control.
My little Kevin
cut his first tooth yesterday.
Oh, well, that's nothing.
My little Joey
just cut the biggest.
Joey, show mommy
what you've got
in your mouth, my little fairy angel.
Relax, Mom.
Joey's a goober baby.
Well, I know we ate a bug
but that's no reason to be rude.
No, I mean he's
eating goober baby food
made from what babies
want most.
Stuff like they'd find
on the floor.
Oh, look, Adna.
Medley of,
the dusty cheese puffs
and crayons.
Well, I got popsicle stick
and cream tear fondue.
Goober baby comes
in all flavors,
moms and babies love
like cigarette butts
for protein.
Hocked up dog food
for fiber
and something
that might be grapes
just because.
This praying mantis
thorax cocktail
will be perfect
for your little Joey.
Thanks to this new food
I don't just have
a stupid baby.
I have a goober baby.
Also look for other
fine goober products
like sway back cookies
shaped like little mules
and twice as tough.
Dog, Judy,
I never got a chance
to thank you for sitting
with Joey.
You two were life savers.
Here, honey,
you want to hold him?
Hold him?
Sure, just make sure
you support his head.
There you go.
You know, everybody says
that he has your nose.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
And that he's got
Judy's eyes.
You really think so?
Mm-hmm.
Can I hold him?
Not that I want to
or anything.
I was just curious
what would shrink
like that way.
Nope, I'm not
through holding him.
Come on, just for a
little while.
He's my brother.
He's our brother.
He's a miracle
Like any young
nobody can have my father.
So don't you disrespect
and meet my new little bun
and I'm here to protect him.
He's after all.
Yeah, I guess
I better call
Jack and tell him
the trade for the turtles off.
What?
Hey wait a minute,
I think he's going
to say his first words.
Whenever my life
seems to be here
Is it old socks?
Is it raffid milk?
Wait, I know!
That's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal, Ren!
That means Ren and Stimpy is next!
Oh, I sneak for joy!
The last studio audience at CPS Studio Center, Hollywood, California.
Now you go to bed!
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch.
Snick will continue after these messages.
Junior wants to take you to a magical world.
It's a world that lies deep in the forest.
Where you'll find elves, spirits, wizards and fairies.
It's the secret world of the gnomes.
Gnomes are little people with funny hats and big hearts
who are friends with all the animals in the forest.
Every weekday you can journey to this special place.
We're waiting to welcome you.
It's the world of David the Gnome.
Weekdays at 11.30, 10.30 Central on Nick Jr.
I wish we could make happy meals at home.
Happy meals, tasty snacks that look so real.
Having a magic snack maker, you can turn everyday foods into delicious snacks.
The Happy Meal Snack Maker set comes with everything you see here.
Ingredients not included assembly required.
New from Mattel.
Saturday a secret someone slips Stephanie a secret surprise.
Snuggled in a Huffy secret treasure spike.
Sending sparkles to Stephanie's eyes.
Huffy secret treasure spike.
With lots of secret drawers and hiding places to hold everything you treasure.
For my own secret treasure.
Secret treasures from Huffy, America's first choice.
Doctor, my belly aches.
You got a...
You got a chubby horse.
Operation.
Broken heart of course.
The rightist tribe is true.
Operation.
I'm the Doctor for you.
Remove the pieces and collect your feet, but don't touch the sides.
Water on the knees.
Operation.
How's it not a thing?
Bare rib or two?
Operation.
I'm the Doctor for you.
Next please.
Operation from Milton Bradley.
There are lots of teddy bears, but only one Teddy Ruxford.
Hi, my name is Teddy Ruxford.
Can you and I be friends?
Sure, Teddy.
Your friend is what I'd like to...
She's a friend.
How does he do that?
He's a magic bear.
One day, we found an old treasure.
The treasure was a horse.
My friend Teddy Ruxford.
Teddy Ruxford.
Batteries not included.
Hello Barbie.
Let's go for a drive.
Who'll meet you at five?
Go, Lamborghini, go!
In my far and out bowl on the side of the show.
Howl, howl, howl real.
Tonight's the school dance.
Gotta look great, gonna stay up late.
Then it's chop, chop, chop.
Till we chop, chop, chop.
Fucking phone Barbie Lamborghini says four fun things
adult supervision requires.
Where to start?
Look, Ren.
One for me.
And here's one.
For you too.
Wow!
Another one for me.
Another one for you.
Me, me, me.
One for you.
You, you.
Me, me, me.
You, you, you.
Me, me, you, you, you.
And the last one's for...
I sure love reading fan mail, Ren.
Don't you?
Oh yeah, it's great.
Great for you.
Yeah, sure.
Everybody loves you.
People always love the stupid one.
But nobody ever loves the jerk.
Everybody hates me.
Oh, Ren.
Nobody hates you.
Oh, come on.
Let's face the truth.
You've been garing me, I know.
I know that.
It's you they love.
But I need love too.
I just want to be loved.
And important like you.
Is that so wrong?
I know how you can be important, Ren.
Yeah, sure.
I know how you can be really important.
Really important?
You can be the president of my fan club.
The president?
Wow.
President.
What do you mean you don't agree with me?
Do you know who you're dealing with?
Oh, Mr. President.
Ready for your first day in office?
Oh, yeah.
Okay then.
All you do is answer the fan mail in that pile.
And then you put it right in here.
Hey, you're talking to the president, man.
Yes, sir.
Carry on then.
Stippy.
My name is Sammy.
I am eight years old and in the third grade.
Oh, that's cute.
I like you on TV.
You're my favorite TV puppet.
I know all the words to your show.
I want to be just like you when I grow up.
From Sam.
Dear Sam.
Thank you for the letter.
I'm sure that if you watch my show enough,
you will turn out just like me.
Yeah, brain down.
Your pal, Stimpy.
Stimpy, you are the funniest in the whole world.
You are nice to everybody.
Even that ugly thing who yells at you.
What is he anyway?
A mosquito?
Wow.
Cindy.
Oh, you're asking for it.
Dear Cindy.
There's no such thing as me.
I'm just a cartoon you idiot.
I bet you even believe in the Toothbeaver.
Love, Stimpy.
This job's easy.
Dear Stimpy.
I have a secret.
I know I can tell you because you were nice
and would not tell anybody.
I'm afraid to tell my friends because they'll laugh.
Oh.
I know you would never laugh at me.
So, here's my secret.
Every night, I went to bed.
I can't help it.
Please tell me what to do.
You're friend Johnny.
Dear Johnny.
You make me sick.
You probably went to bed on purpose.
I have written letters to everybody at your school
warning them never to sleep over with you.
Your friend ran.
Shame.
Quetting the bed is nothing to be ashamed of.
Lots of kids do it.
You and I still do it.
You're right, Stimpy.
Little Johnny needed help.
And I laughed at it.
I don't deserve to live.
Here, pal.
Go ahead.
Cut me.
Come on, man.
Do us all a favor.
Oh, Ren.
There'll be no letting of blood today.
I think you've learned your lesson.
You're right, Stimpy.
I promise to be more kind and compassionate.
In my duties as president.
Good for you, Ren.
Dear Stimpy.
I have a boyfriend, but he is always mean to me.
My only friends are you and my TV.
And I know you would never be mean to me.
You are the kindest, most lovingest guy in the whole world.
Why can't boys be more like you?
I love you, Deborah.
Dear Deborah, your problem is clear to me.
The reason your boyfriend is mean to you
is probably because you're too stupid.
But don't worry.
Maybe someday you'll be as stupid as I am.
And then everyone will love you as much as they do me.
Your stupid friend, Stimpy.
How's it going, Ren?
Buddy, you'd be proud of your president.
Dear Stimpy, you are the funniest.
Dear Stimpy, I love you.
I love you.
Ren, Stimpy, and Snick will be back after these messages.
Who is Ellen from Pete and Pete?
I am a dot.
She's a what watch the all-new weekly adventures of beat and beat premiering Sunday at 6 5 central only on Nickelodeon
It's the nightmare before Christmas toy collection. What's this? It's Jack. I am the pumpkin king
And look I'm going Christmasing. What's this? The world sourling and Sally's losing all arms and legs and things
What's this? Santa's giving presents evil scientists are right. Lots of shock and beryl should have trees throughout the night
Who may have kind of two-faced behemoths got an ache and inside of people you'll find worms and bugs and snakes
It's the nightmare before Christmas toy collection each sold separately backgrounds. That's not available
Get me funny and brown in my mouth to make freaky sounds mom yell funny call I'm coming down you can buy a box honey taste you can't nip
What is this balanced nutrition?
Some play games that go
And some play games that go
Well now there's Nintendo's new
Pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land and Kirby's
All over the place. All you do is keep Kirby
As long as you can get Nintendo's new Kirby's pinball land for Game Boy and we'll bet you won't go
Oh
Monkeys
Everybody's running to get tonight
Take the tweezer
Welcome to our secret headquarters deep inside the lower intestine of a sperm whale
Oh god
I can't stand it
Make the pain stop
Well steampie it's time to induct another member into the fan club
Does the subject qualify?
Well, here's her vital statistics. Her name is Susan Fout
She's 15 human from Pennsylvania and shut up before did she bring the money a
Cool million in small change
She qualifies and
Now Susan Foutt has proof of your loyalty kindly recite the oath of servitude
I Susan Foutt human promise to watch the red and steampie show over and over again until my eyeballs
Unplowed even if it goes into 10 years of rerun
and I
Promise to memorize whole episodes and recite the line shamelessly in unwelcome situations
and and oh
Yeah, I promise to wear unwashed leader
That's it you're in our secret club
And step this way to the honored seat for new club members
Remember reveal what you've seen here and we'll tear your tonsils out
Okay, kids. It's back to our secret cartoon
answering this
stupid letters
Will come off
What a joke
President of what
His fan club how they love him. Look at him
Lying there asleep
The I love
million
Silly little
How easily I could
With these
Dirty
With these hands. I hope they
Million they think he's a god
But he says more till as we
I know
Just one quick
And it's over
I'll fix them. I'll take care of this letter business once and for all
Got some mail here. Hello, mr. Cat
You're looking healthy this morning
I don't want any more of your filthy letters your services are not welcome here and
Tell those pesky kids to stop writing me steams and Jay cat
Whatever you say
Actually, I only have one letter today and it's for mr. Hawk. I guess I'll just throw this one out
Let it for me let it for me nothing for simpy. No, no, no, no, mr. Rand-Hawk
Good morning, Ren and your fan mail mr. Fan Club
Everybody loves you don't they
Will guess what the mailman brought you today
Nothing
See you they have forgotten now. It's me they love
It is I the most love
Who should rule? Oh, yes
This is the proof that you are finished
Dear Ren. It's me. It's me. You are my favorite TV star
Nobody nobody is as funny or as smart as you
See, are you getting us?
Listen to this you may learn something I
Wish I could be just like you
Man with some ambition
You are my favorite person in the whole wide world
This is love
You're pal
Stimpy oh
Stimpy
I
Mean every word
Look at me big me rat crying like a baby
Hey, baby
pathetic oh for sure
No one will ever know you just cry your little eyes
No big is Nickelodeon
Big every day watch in the treasure the treasure wins but watch out for it
Oh
Saturday a secret someone slipped Stephanie a secret surprise
Snuggled in a Huffy secret treasure spike
sending sparkles to Stephanie's eyes
Huffy secret treasure spike with lots of secret drawers and hiding places to hold everything you treasure
For my own secret treasure
I
Secret treasures from Huffy America's first choice some play games ago
and some play games ago
Well now there's Nintendo's new
Pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land and
All over the place all you do is keep Kirby
As long as you can get Nintendo's new Kirby's pinball land for Game Boy and we'll bet you won't go
Home Alone 2 lost in New York the perfect holiday gift saved up to 100 dollars on American Airlines details in video
The story of three unlikely heroes racing against time to rescue their friend
Once upon a forest on video
Special night
It was a year ago tonight that David brought Frank into our circle so he could tell the tale that made him a
member of the midnight
the tale of the Phantom
Vixen and dr.
It's been our tradition that on an anniversary. It's that person's turn to tell us a scary tale
You have one Frank. Oh, yeah, I've got one and take it away
I've got the perfect story for a night like this
Exactly
Eerie things happen when the moon is full
People always act a little bit different a little
Strange but to anybody who's ever told a tale of terror
There's one special thing that always happens when the full moon rises and that's what my story is about
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society. I
call this story
The tale of the full moon
Jett and Huey were pet detectives, you know, they'd find missing dogs runaway parakeets that kind of thing
They just been hired by mrs. Neville to find their lost cat misty
Seemed like an open-and-shut case
not first
catnip mouse catnip mouse check
Why did you charge mrs. Neville $20 our rate for missing cats is only five
Yeah, but the puppies at the pet shop are 20 bucks apiece
Squeezy rubber hamburger
Squeezy rubber hamburger check but your mom said you can't have a dog. She'll change your mind when she sees this
Where's that silver whistle the one only dogs can hear
She'd be here someplace
But what if she doesn't she has to I'm tired of playing fetch the stick with you me too splinters hurt my tongue
It's practically a law. I'm a boy and a boy supposed to have a dog as soon as we find misty
I'm gonna buy one. What's wrong found the whistle
He did he did he didn't intend to lassie
Think I found misty
The house across the street from my place going in is the most ridiculous story
I have ever heard but it's true his fridge was full of me
I bet he's got his eye on every pet in the neighborhood
dog burgers fried canary hamster soup Jed. I have had about enough of this but mom
Don't but mom me. I know exactly what you're up to young man
This is another one of your cockamamie. I want a dog schemes. Isn't it what?
You figure I'm going to believe this silly story of yours and let you bring home every single stray in the neighborhood
Just to protect them from the butcher of maple Street
Not this time kiddo. We're just barely getting by as it is
We can't afford another mouth to feed
Even if it does have four legs and brings in the mail
Dad
Which we trick-flit
We need something super choppy
Gonna split those cocoa pebble cereal part of this complete breakfast
Everybody knows why kids drink milk. We like the taste
It's fun, but secretly kids are drinking milk because it helps us grow bigger
Imagine us on a bed full of bodies doing big cool things. We're in big cool clothes
Imagine us stand up late imagine us driving cars
Everybody knows why kids drink milk. We like the taste right sure we do but milk does help us get bigger
Imagine us in charge
Farm-scaring chickens off your barn
I'm out of control
The games looping Louie and Louie's out of control to win knocking back up in the air because if he scares off all your chickens
Now you can play the games of the super envious super scope
Yoshi safari and metal combat falcon revenge
So to prepare yourself you might want to consider some basic training exercise
House across the street
You got me out of bed for this I saw mom I had my camera aim right out of shit
What is the matter with you spying on that poor man? He's not a man mom. Look at this. It's gotta be on here
Okay, Spielberg that's enough shows over into bed with you. I'm not making this up mom. I saw it happen. I
Know you did
Do you've got dog on the brain, honey? You're seeing them even in your dreams. I wasn't dreaming
We'll talk about this in the morning. Okay. Good night. Good night
Night mom
Where was
Yeah, yeah, they come out during the full moon and you can kill them with silver bullets
I know how it works. You everybody knows how it works. What do I do about it? Wait a sec?
That stuff's all in the movies
the real werewolves are called
messes a morphs
They have a disease that's called like like canthropy that changes them at any time
They're allergic to red roses and pure silver. Great. Oh, we got to do is trap them in a flower shop
There's one more thing
They need fresh meat to survive the eat small animals birds and stuff, but their favorite is
Children Huey, this is all really interesting, but the question is what do you do if you got a werewolf living next door?
Move
Where have you been go get washed up quick honey dinner be ready in a minute. We're having company. Well
Remember that guy I told you about the one I met bowling a couple weeks ago. He's coming here
You're having a date. Oh, it's not a date. It's just dinner. It doesn't mean a thing
Oh shoot door go get the jet. I mean
You know what I mean? Yeah, sure doesn't mean a thing, right? You must be jet
I just adore cooking as you can see
It's been so long since I've had a man around to try my talents on
I hope you like this. It's a recipe. I got off the tv
Oh, well, this smells great. I'm so hungry. I could eat a horse or a cat. So
How are you finding maple street? That's great
People are much friendlier here than the last place I lived. What was that Transylvania?
Uh, actually Seattle
More yams
Who's gonna change? Chad, you apologize right now. No, well, Ellen. It's all right. No harm
You are excused from the table young man, but mom now
We're going out for coffee. Your dinner is in the Kelvinator. I'll deal with you when I get home
Huey, I was wrong man. I guess I must have been dreaming after all that guy's not a werewolf
Yeah, did you use pure silver? Yes. How about the moon? I did the test. All right
Okay, okay. So your mom's boyfriend isn't a werewolf. That's that
No, it's not
There's something going on over there
We've got to go back in that house. Oh jet. I'm taking a bath towel off. It looks pretty quiet
Maybe we should come back on the somebody home
Like noon
Come on. I know how we can get in wait. Why do you keep saying we?
Because we're partners Huey to the end
The end
Wait for me. You won't relax. Nobody's home. It's not even coffee with my mom. This isn't happening. He's not really doing this
He's not really doing this. He really did it. Let's go turn around
Here take this
Check this out. I thought you said it was full of you. He was
He must have hidden
Maybe he got really hungry. It's proof
Uh jet
Yeah, what does this guy look like? I don't know. It's like an average guy. Kind of tall. Yeah
Kind of bald
Yeah, why what difference does it make because I think he has a twin brother
He's gonna get a hole for very long. Thanks for the newsflash
I see you've met gordon
My dad's in school
Gordon my brother
You know, I got news for you, buddy
Your brother's got a problem
Yeah, I know
The canthropy is a terrible disease
Everybody tells me I should just
Put him out of his misery
But his family
It's all I got
Yeah, well, my mom's all I've got and when she finds out about this she's good jet
I already know
You're not scared
I was at first, but I'm trying to understand, honey
I hope you will too
Does he really eat
Kids
People can be so cruel
There's lots of different kinds of families jet
This is just one of them
You just gotta stop eating pets
It wasn't long before jet's mom married the man from across the street
They all moved in together like a family
Looking good, mr. Anchors. Thank you, mrs. Anchors
Two
Well done
And one
Jet's mom was happy
The man was happy
And one very rare
Go back way back. This one's out of the park
And as for jet
He finally got his dog
The end and now
Our anniversary surprise
Surprise
Fire's nice and hot
What surprise
Special occasion we planted just for you
Roast
Frank say what?
Roast Franks, don't you like them?
Oh, yeah, they're great
Happy anniversary, Frank. Let's cook
Again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon
Who exactly are Pete and Pete?
You decide
Watch the all-new weekly adventures of Pete and Pete premiering next Sunday at 6-5 central only on Nickelodeon
Uh-oh skating ostriches. Yeah, we're looking for breakfast and we're stars
Oh my I can bring you to a most fruitful stop just follow my nose
It's such a cute nose
The Kellogg's fruit loops orange lemon cherry and lime with brighter colors
You'll flip over fruit loops the bright part in this nutritious breakfast
Fabulous colors speaking of fab. Don't you think sammy would look totally hot on these skates?
Well, I am known for my loose follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste
A long time ago, I played the pretty pretty princess game
I won the royal earrings the necklace the ring the color of the entire universe
Pretty pretty princess the jewelry dress-up game from golden
Megatron the evil Decepticon leader crushes pro tank to deadly load super sound cannon
Outs listen to the voice of doom
First generation to Megatron is all you see here after his prime sold separately
So now one of the best values in America
Yes, for a limited time by the super NES super set and get five complete mario games standard
You'll find the super set is like no other system
In performance handling and mode seven control you'll get super mario world
And for 350 and postage super mario all-stars free with four mario games in one
So stop by your nintendo dealer today